(b)

18 U.S.C. § 2513. Confiscation of wire, oral or electronic 
communication intercepting devices, and other property

(a) Criminal Forfeiture

(1) The court, in imposing sentence on any person convicted of a 
violation of section 2511 or section 2512 of this chapter, or 
convicted of conspiracy to violate that section, shall order, in 
addition to any other sentence imposed and irrespective of any 
provision of State law, that such person forfeit to the United 
States—

(A) Such person’s interest in any property, real or personal, 
that was used or intended to be used to commit or to facilitate 
the commission of such violation; and

(B) Any property, real or personal, constituting or derived from 
any gross proceeds, or any property traceable to such property, 
that such person obtained or retained directly or indirectly as 
a result of such violation

(2) Pursuant to section 2461(c) of title 28, United States Code, 
the provisions of section 413 of the Controlled Substances Act 
(21 U.S.C. 853) other than subsection (d) thereof shall apply to 
criminal forfeitures under this subsection.
(b) Civil Forfeiture

(1) The following shall be subject to forfeiture to the United 
States in accordance with provisions of chapter 46 of title 18, 
United States Code, and no property right shall exist in them:

(A) Any property, real or personal, used or intended to be used, 
in any manner, to commit or facilitate the commission of a 
violation of section 2511 or section 2512 of this chapter, or a 
conspiracy to violate that section.

(B) Any property, real or personal, constituting or traceable to 
the gross proceeds taken, obtained, or retained in connection 
with or as a result of a violation of section 2511 or section 
2512 of this chapter, or a conspiracy to violate that section.

(2) Seizures and forfeitures under this subsection shall be 
governed by the provisions of chapter 46 of title 18, United 
States Code, relating to civil forfeitures, except that such 
duties as are imposed on the Secretary of the Treasury under the 
customs laws described in section 981(d) of title 18 shall be 
performed by such officers, agents, and other persons as may be 
designated for that purpose by the Secretary of Homeland 
Security or the Attorney General.
